👷 review feature request process (#2748)
DataDog/browser-sdk: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

assignees: ''
---

> Please contact [support](https://www.datadoghq.com/support/) and fill a FEATURE_REQUEST with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please contact [support](https://www.datadoghq.com/support/) and request them to file a Feature Request for you.
```

Reviewer 2: let's use "Please contact [support](https://www.datadoghq.com/support/) to open a feature request."
